Add Calendly Oauth2 docs (#2267)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/credentials/calendly.md

- An API Key or **Personal Access Token**: Refer to [Calendly's API authentication documentation](https://developer.calendly.com/how-to-authenticate-with-personal-access-tokens){:target=_blank .external-link} for information on generating a personal access token (PAT).

## Using OAuth2

To configure this credential, you'll need:

- A **Client ID**: Generated when you create a new OAuth app.
- A **Client Secret**: Generated when you create a new OAuth app.

To create a new OAuth app after logging in to [Calendly's developer portal](https://developer.calendly.com/console/apps){:target=_blank .external-link}, go to **Account > My Apps > Create new app**.

> Use these settings:
> 
>  - Give your app a name like **n8n Automation**
>  - Set **Kind of app** to **Web**
>  - Set **Environment type** to **Sandbox** or **Production**
>  - Copy the **OAuth Redirect URL** from n8n and enter it as a **Redirect URI** in the OAuth app.
>  - Copy the **Client ID** for the Calendly app and enter this as your n8n **Client ID**.
>  - Copy the **Client secret** from Calendly and enter this as your n8n **Client Secret**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the integration: 

 1. Give your app a name like **n8n Automation**.
 2. Set **Kind of app** to **Web**.
 3. Set **Environment type** to **Sandbox** or **Production**.
 4. Copy the **OAuth Redirect URL** from n8n and enter it as a **Redirect URI** in the OAuth app.
 5. Copy the **Client ID** for the Calendly app and enter this as your n8n **Client ID**.
 6. Copy the **Client secret** from Calendly and enter this as your n8n **Client Secret**.
```

Reviewer: Changed the formatting to match the new template @freakwriter @Joffcom
